Generalized coercions (#420)
math-comp/hierarchy-builder: Changelog.md

## Unreleased

### General

> - **Change** For a structure S on a subject of type T, declares sort as an
> 	Elpi coercion from S to T and an Epli coercion from T to S whenever T
> 	has no gref.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Change** For a structure `S` on a subject of type `T`, declares `S.sort` as an
	Elpi coercion from `S.type` to `T` and `S.Pack` as an Elpi coercion from `T` to `S.type` whenever `T`
	is not a global type (e.g. a variable). Note that the `S.Pack` can cast a `t : T` to `S.type` only if an
	instance of the class `S` on t` is found by type class inference.
- **Change** `HB.structure` declares the class of a structure as type class on the subject with all
        arguments in output mode but for the subject that is in input mode. 
```

## Unreleased

### General

- **Change** For a structure `S` on a subject of type `T`, declares `S.sort` as

> 	an Elpi coercion from `S.type` to `T` and `S.pack` as an Epli coercion from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	an Elpi coercion from `S.type` to `T` and `S.pack` as an Elpi coercion from
```

	`T` to `S.type` whenever `T` is not a global type (e.g. a variable). Note
	that `S.pack` can cast a `t : T` to `S.type` only if an instance of the
	class `S` on `t` is found by type class inference
- **Change** `HB.structure` declares the class of a structure (`axioms_`) as a
	type class on the subject with all arguments in output mode but for the
	subject that is in input mode.

> 

Reviewer 2: Isn't this completely ortogonal to the coercion part?
To me these raises yet unresolved nontrivial. I have nothing against merging it, but, just in case, I would prefer that it is a distinct commit/PR so that we can revert easily if something goes wrong.

Author: Sorry for the delay, I rewrote the history as suggested and added a `typeclass` option.
